KH2: Update Game Docs (#2188)
ArchipelagoMW/Archipelago: worlds/kh2/docs/en_Kingdom Hearts 2.md

- Customize the amount and level of progressive movement (Growth Abilities) you start with.
- Customize start inventory, i.e., begin every run with certain items or spells of your choice.

> <h2 style="text-transform:none";>What are Lucky Emblems?:</h2>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<h2 style="text-transform:none";>What are Lucky Emblems?</h2>
```

> Lucky Emblems are items that are required to beat the game if your goal is "Lucky Emblem". <br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lucky Emblems are items that are required to beat the game if your goal is "Lucky Emblem Hunt".<br>
```

> Think of these "McGuffins" as you need X amount of Proof of Nonexistences to open the final door .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can think of these as requiring X number of Proofs of Nonexistence to open the final door.
```
"McGuffin" is probably best avoided, since people won't know what it means, and the randomizer meaning is more nuanced/specific than the general meaning, "as you need" is grammatically incorrect, "amount" is used for non-countable nouns, whereas these are countable and should use "number", and the plural of "Proof of Nonexistence" would be "Proofs of Nonexistence"

<h2 style="text-transform:none";>What is Hitlist/Bounties?:</h2>

> The hitlist goal sets items named "bounty" on selected later fights, and you need to collect the amount you chose in your yaml to win. <br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Hitlist goal adds "bounty" items to select late-game fights, and you need to collect X amount of them to win.<br>
```
Fixed grammatical errors and reworded to be more similar to the Lucky Emblem description.

Author: I wonder if it should be late-game fights/locations or just locations since they dont have to be on fights

> The list of possible locations that can contain a bounty:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The list of possible locations that can contain a bounty:

```
Extra whitespace so the list can format properly.

- Customize the amount and level of progressive movement (Growth Abilities) you start with.
- Customize start inventory, i.e., begin every run with certain items or spells of your choice.

<h2 style="text-transform:none";>What are Lucky Emblems?</h2>
Lucky Emblems are items that are required to beat the game if your goal is "Lucky Emblem Hunt".<br>
You can think of these as requiring X number of Proofs of Nonexistence to open the final door.

> <h2 style="text-transform:none";>What is Hitlist/Bounties?:</h2>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<h2 style="text-transform:none";>What is Hitlist/Bounties?</h2>
```
